All right, let's update our code for Exercise 4.
So for that we need to go to test config.
Want to reduce the size of this window to make it a little easier.
So the first thing we want to do is we want to add a reference to the app smart contract.
Next, we want to create a variable that references that.
Finally we want to pass that along as part of our configuration variable properties.
That done now we can focus our attention on the actual test script.
Because of the way this is set up,
it's very convenient now.
All we have to do is change the reference for
the contract that is referenced here for addSale to the app contract.
You can run the test as I mentioned
earlier that's possible at this point that you will get an error,
and that's okay we have some troubleshooting tips for you to resolve that.
So it's done the compilation.
Now that we're doing to contracts it takes a little longer.
But here it tells me that I overlooked one aspect,
the constructor is expecting one argument.
So specifically what I haven't done is provided my app contract with the address.
So that should happen right here.
So we fix that.
That's something new that we added and the test config needs to be updated for that.
All right, let's try it again.
You'll want to write more tests to ensure
that the cross contract calling is functioning correctly.
It's a new paradigm that's been introduced and you may want to once you refactor
your contracts look at what other tests you could write to
ensure that the architecture is working correctly.
So in this case we see that it worked perfectly and we've split up the contracts,
we have the application contract calling into
the data contract and our test is reporting that it worked correctly.